# China Hack Official Rules 创世神黑客松规则

## Important: 
Please read these Official Rules before entering this Contest (the “Contest”).
By participating in this Contest, you agree to be bound by these Official Rules and represent that you satisfy all of the eligibility requirements below. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER THIS CONTEST. Contest void where prohibited by law. Subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws.
Eligibility: The Contest is open only to individuals that meet each of the following requirements upon entry:
Are at least 18 years old (or the age of majority in entrant’s jurisdiction of residence, whichever is older) at the time of entry;
Are not a legal resident of any country currently under sanction by the OFAC, including: Balkans, Belarus, Burma, Cote d’Ivoire, Cuba, DR of the Congo, Iran, Iraq, Liberia (the former regime of Charles Taylor), Lebanon, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Yemen, and Zimbabwe (note that the list of sanctioned countries can change at any time, however, a current list can always be located at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/programs);
Directors, officers, members, managers, and employees of NEAR Inc (“Sponsor”), and any of their respective parent companies, affiliate companies, subsidiaries, agents, professional advisors, advertising, promotional, public relations, and fulfillment agencies, consultants, legal counsel, website providers, webmasters, and immediate family members (spouse, parent, child, sibling, grandparent, and “step” child, wherever they may live) of each are not eligible to win any prize.
IF YOU DO NOT MEET ANY OF THESE REQUIREMENTS, OR ANY OTHER ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS IN THESE OFFICIAL RULES, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE TO WIN A PRIZE. To be eligible to win a prize, entries must be completed and received by Sponsor in the manner and format designated below.


## Contest Period: 
The Contest starts at 12:00:00 p.m. China Time (GMT+8) on Dec 30th, 2019 and ends at 11:59:00 p.m. (PT) on Jan 7th, 2020 after all Presentations (defined below) are complete (the “Contest Period”). All entries must be received during the Contest Period and meet other requirements in these Official Rules to be eligible to win a prize. Sponsor’s or its designee’s computer is the official time-keeping device for the Contest.


## How to Enter:
To enter, complete the following steps during the Contest Period:
 Step 1 (Registration): Before 11:59:59 p.m. (GMT+8) on Jan 7th, 2020, visit nearprotocol.com/china-hack, and complete the registration process, which requires your agreement to these Official Rules and other documents requested by Sponsor.
 Step 2 (Coding): Between the period of 12:00:00 p.m. (GMT+8) on Dec 30th, 2019 and 11:59:59 p.m. (GMT+8) on Jan 7th, 2020, work to create an idea (website, software application and business use case) that utilizes the NEAR protocol libraries and/or platform. Before 11:59:59 p.m. (GMT+8) on Jan 7th, 2020, submit the source code (your “Code”) for your idea to Sponsor by submitting your Code to the NEAR GitHub repository as instructed by Sponsor or its designee. Code submitted in this way is your “Submission.”
 Step 3 (Submission): Submissions received by postal mail, facsimile or other means not expressly permitted in these Official Rules will not be considered. All Submissions must comply with the requirements of the entry instructions and be in either English language or Chinese language.
 Eligible participants may enter as one of the following categories of participants:
Individual: When entering as an individual, only the single individual is participating in the Contest. The individual must complete the entry process as instructed in these Official Rules.
Team: Teams must consist of between two (2) to six (6) individuals (your “Team’). A single individual who is the representative of a team must be appointed by the team as the team leader (“Team Leader”). The Code must be submitted only by the Team Leader. All members of the Team must participate in the submission to the GitHub repository to be eligible for a prize. If a Team is selected as a potential winner, each individual member of the Team may be required to sign the Declaration of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release required by Sponsor (or Sponsor’s designee or affiliate) in order to be eligible to potentially win a prize. Corporate and other business entities are not eligible to participate. You may be asked to provide permission of your employer in order to participate.


## Limits:
Limit one Submission per person or Team. No individual person may obtain more than one entry into the Contest. For example, an individual is not permitted to enter on behalf of him or herself and then submit a second entry on behalf of his or her Team. Likewise, no Team may obtain more than one Contest entry. Attempts to obtain multiple entry will result in disqualification.
 You may use publicly-released libraries and tools, but you must develop code to generate your original solution. To be valid, every code submission must include a file containing the source code for the idea. The quality of the code will not be considered in scoring. There are no restrictions on the type of development environment or programming language you use for your Contest submission. You’ll be responsible for compiling and running your code on your own computer(s). The project is must use NEAR protocol libraries and/or platform in some way. Your idea must, at a minimum, support English language use. Entries are void if they are in whole or part illegible, incomplete, damaged, altered, counterfeit, obtained through fraud, or late.
 By submitting your Submission as described above, you agree that your Submission conforms to the Guidelines and Restrictions detailed below. Sponsor may choose to remove any Submission or disqualify you from the Contest if it believes that your Submission fails to conform with the Guidelines and Restrictions. Upon completion of entry steps and compliance with the Guidelines and Restrictions, you will receive one entry into the Contest.

## Submission Guidelines and Restrictions
 a. Your Submission must not supply untruthful, incomplete, inaccurate or misleading information.
 b. Your Submission must be your original creation and be owned 100% by you or you have permission to grant the rights specified in Section 10. You are responsible for developing code to generate your original solution.
 c. Your Submission must not (in Sponsor’s discretion): (i) violate any third-party intellectual property or other rights, including but not limited to, copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, confidentiality, or rights of privacy and publicity; (ii) contain disparaging or defamatory content; (iii) include threats to any person, place, business, or group; (iv) be obscene, offensive, or indecent; (v) depict any risky behavior; (vi) contain material that promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any group or individual or promotes discrimination based on race, gender, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; and/or (vii) contain unauthorized third-party trademarks or logos.
 d. You represent and warrant that: (i) the Submission does not violate any applicable law, rule or regulation; (ii) to the extent the Submission depicts any individual or features the voice or other qualities of any individual, you are the individual pictured, heard, or otherwise featured in the Submission, or, alternatively, that you have obtained written permission from each person appearing in the entry to grant the rights to Sponsor described in these Official Rules, and will make written copies of such permissions available to Sponsor upon request; (iii) for Team entries, that each of your Team members has authorized the Submission and expressly agrees to these Official Rules; (iv) the Submission complies with the www.nearprotocol.com terms of use; and (iv) the Submission complies with all requirements of these Official Rules.
 e. By providing a Submission and otherwise participating in this Contest, you represent and warrant that your participation in the Contest does not violate the terms of your employment (including any procedures established by your employer with respect to participating in promotions) or any other contractual or legal obligations, and if required by your employer, you have permission from your employer to enter into the Contest and be bound by the terms of these Official Rules.
 If participating in this Contest via your mobile device (which service may only be available via select devices and participating wireless carriers, and is not required to enter), you may be charged for standard data use from your mobile device according to the terms in your wireless service provider’s data plan. Normal airtime and carrier charges and other charges may apply to data use and will be billed on your wireless device bill or deducted from your pre-paid balance. Wireless carrier rates vary, so you should contact your wireless carrier for information on your specific data plan.


## Identity of Entrant: 
As described above in Section 3, all Submissions must be submitted by the individual entrant for an individual entry, or the Team Leader for a team entry. Bulk or automated entries will be disqualified (including, for example, entries made using any script, macro, bot, or promotional service). Multiple participants are not permitted to share the same email or social media account. Any attempt to obtain additional entries through fraud, bots, or other illegitimate means will result in disqualification at Sponsor’s discretion.
 In the event of a dispute about the identity of the entrant, Submissions will be declared made by Team Leader for the Submission. A potential winner may be required by Sponsor (or Sponsor’s designee or affiliate) to provide proof that the potential winner is the authorized Team Leader associated with the winning Submission.


## Selection and Notification of Winner:
 Beginning on or about 1:00:00 p.m. (GMT+8) on Jan 8, 2020, the Judges will evaluate and score each eligible Submission (the Code and the Presentation), in their discretion, as follows:
Best Submission: A panel of Judges will evaluate and score each eligible Submission based on the Judging Criteria (defined below) and select
 (i) the Best Overall Submission;
 (ii) Runner-Up Best Overall Submission;
 and (iii) Third-Place Best Overall Submission.
Secret Prizes: A panel of Judges will evaluate and score each eligible Submission and may or may not select at their discretion Submissions to receive prizes for categories that include but are not limited to: most creative Submission, most viral Submission, most influential Submission.


## The Judging Criteria ("Judging Criteria") is defined as follows: 
* Creativity and originality of Submission (25%); 
* Likelihood of Submission serving a user or a business need (25%); 
* Likelihood that Submission will be intuitive and easy to use (25%); and 
* Likelihood that Submission will perform in a high-quality manner (25%).

 In the unlikely event of a tie, the relevant winning Submission will be determined by the Judges based on highest score in the following category: Creativity and originality of the Submission. Odds of winning a prize depend on number and quality of Submissions received.
 At or about 12:00:00 a.m. (GMT+8) on Jan 9th, 2020, the potential winners will be announced at https://nearprotocol.com/china-hack or at “NEAR中文社区” Wechat Official Group. To claim the prize, each potential winner must follow the instructions given by Sponsor after the announcement is made. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Sponsor may require each potential winner to sign and return, five business days, an Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release in order to claim his/her prize. If (i) potential winner does not respond to the announcement attempt within five business days, (ii) any required documents are not returned within seven days, such as the Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release; or (iii) if potential winner is otherwise unable to accept the prize as stated, the prize will be forfeited and will be awarded to an alternate winner in accordance with the Judging Criteria. Only three alternate winners will be selected for each prize. If, by reason of a print or other error, more prizes are claimed than the number set forth in these Official Rules, the prize(s) will be awarded to the person with the highest scoring Submission in accordance with the above Judging Criteria from among all eligible claimants making purportedly valid claims to award the prizes available.

 Verification of Potential Winner: EACH POTENTIAL WINNER IS SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION BY SPONSOR, WHOSE DECISIONS ARE FINAL AND BINDING IN ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE CONTEST. AN ENTRANT IS NOT A PRIZE WINNER UNLESS AND UNTIL ENTRANT’S ELIGIBILITY HAS BEEN VERIFIED AND ENTRANT HAS BEEN NOTIFIED THAT VERIFICATION IS COMPLETE AND NO FURTHER ACTION IS NEEDED.


## Prize: 
The prizes will be awarded as follows:
 a. Best Overall Submission: One winner will receive ¥2000 RMB and 5000 NEAR tokens on the future MainNet pending MainNet launch.
 b. Runner-Up Best Overall Submission: One winner will receive ¥1000 RMB and 3000 NEAR tokens on the future MainNet pending MainNet launch.
 c. Third-Place Best Overall Submission: One winner will receive ¥500 RMB and 1000 NEAR tokens on future MainNet pending MainNet launch.
 
 Prize Restrictions: ALL APPLICABLE TAXES ASSOCIATED WITH THE RECEIPT OR USE OF ANY PRIZE ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE WINNER. Prizes are not transferable. No substitutions or exchanges of any prize (including for cash) will be permitted, except that Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of comparable or greater value for any prize. Sponsor will not replace any lost or stolen prizes or prize components. Only the number of prizes stated in these Official Rules are available to be won in the Contest.
 Except for applicable manufacturer’s standard warranties, the prize is awarded “AS IS” and WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, express or implied (including any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose).


## Disclaimer: 
Sponsor, and any of its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, professional advisors, consultants, contractors, legal counsel, public relations firms, employees and advertising, fulfillment and marketing agencies (collectively, the “Released Parties”) will not be responsible for: (a) any late, lost, misrouted, garbled or distorted or damaged transmissions or entries; (b) phone, electronic, hardware, software, network, Internet, or other computer or communications-related malfunctions or failures beyond Sponsor or the Released Parties’ reasonable control; (c) any Contest disruptions, injuries, losses or damages caused by events beyond the reasonable control of Sponsor or the Released Parties by non-authorized human intervention; or (d) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Contest.


## Limitations of Liability; Releases: 
By entering the Contest, you release Sponsor and all Released Parties from any liability whatsoever, and waive any and all causes of action, related to any claims, costs, injuries, losses, or damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the Contest (including attendance at the Contest location), or delivery, misdelivery, acceptance, possession, use of, installation of or inability to use any prize (including claims, costs, injuries, losses and damages related to rights of publicity or privacy, defamation or portrayal in a false light, whether intentional or unintentional), whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence), warranty or other theory.
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE SPONSOR OR THE RELEASED PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE CONTEST OR USE OR INABILITY TO USE ANY EQUIPMENT PROVIDED FOR USE IN THE CONTEST OR ANY PRIZE, EVEN IF A RELEASED PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES (JOINTLY) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE CONTEST OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ANY EQUIPMENT PROVIDED FOR USE IN THE CONTEST OR ANY PRIZE EXCEED $10. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL NOT EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE CAUSED BY PRODUCTS BOUGHT FROM THE SPONSOR, OR FOR THE RELEASED PARTIES’ GROSS NEGLIGENCE, INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, OR FOR FRAUD.


## Use of Name, Likeness, etc.: 
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, entry into the Contest constitutes permission to use each winner’s name, hometown, aural and visual likeness and prize information for advertising, marketing, and promotional purposes without further permission or compensation (including in a public-facing winner list). As a condition of being awarded any prize, except where prohibited by law, each winner may be required to execute a consent to the use of their name, hometown, aural and visual likeness and prize information for advertising, marketing, and promotional purposes without further permission or compensation. By entering this Contest, you consent to being contacted by Sponsor for any purpose in connection with this Contest.


## License to Submission: 
By entering the Contest, you represent and warrant that you either own all of your Submission (including the content and code you are posting) or you have the right to post the Submission (including the content and Code). If you do not have these rights, or do not want to grant these rights, do not enter this Contest. By entering the Contest, you do not grant any ownership rights you may have to your Submission. However, you hereby grant to Sponsor and its designees a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers of distribution) and transferable license to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform your Submission (including content, Code, and Presentation) in connection with our business, in any media formats or in tangible form and through any media channels now known or later developed. Sponsor will have no obligation to publish or use or retain any Submission you submit or to return any such Submission to you. You agree that it is your sole responsibility to obtain all permissions and releases necessary for the grant of the rights contained in this paragraph. You agree to take, at Sponsor's expense, any further action (including execution of affidavits, tax forms, and other documents) reasonably requested by Sponsor to effect, perfect or confirm Sponsor's rights as set forth above in this paragraph. You will not be entitled to compensation for any use by Sponsor, or its agents, licensees or assignees, of your Submission.
 Recordings: You agree that Sponsor and its designees may interview, videotape, photograph and otherwise record or capture you during your participation in the Contest (the "Recordings"), and, in addition to and together with the permission granted in Section 9 and this Section 10, you grant Sponsor and its designees the right to use the Recordings (including your name, hometown, aural and visual license), and derivative works thereof, in whole or in part, for advertising, social media, Web advertising, on signage, direct mail and for any other promotional or advertising purpose or any instructional/educational purpose without further permission or compensation. You acknowledge that Sponsor will own full right and title to the Recordings, including the copyright in and to such Recordings.

## Privacy: 
See Sponsor’s Privacy Policy at https://near.ai/privacy-policy/.

## Winner List and Rules Request: 
For a copy of the winner list, send an email to peter@nearprotocol.com for arrival after Jan 9th, 2020 and before Jan 8th, 2022 with the email subject line: 2020 NEAR Protocol China Hackathon - Winner List Request. To obtain a copy of these Official Rules, visit https://nearprotocol.com or email peter@nearprotocol.com before Jan 8th, 2022 with the email subject line: 2019 NEAR Protocol Hackathon Contest - Official Rules Request.

## Intellectual Property Notice: 
The Contest and all accompanying materials are copyright © 2019 by NEAR Inc All rights reserved.

## Disputes: 
EACH ENTRANT AGREES THAT ANY DISPUTES, CLAIMS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH THIS CONTEST OR ANY PRIZE AWARDED WILL BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY, WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION, AND EXCLUSIVELY BY THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA OR THE APPROPRIATE STATE COURT LOCATED IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA. THESE OFFICIAL RULES ARE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO CHOICE OF LAW OR CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES. YOU WAIVE ANY AND ALL OBJECTIONS TO JURISDICTION AND VENUE IN THESE COURTS AND HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS.

## General Conditions: 
Entrants agree to be bound by these Official Rules and by the decisions of Sponsor, which are final and binding in all respects. Sponsor reserves the right to change these Official Rules at any time, in its discretion, and to suspend or cancel the Contest or any entrant's participation in the Contest should viruses, bugs, unauthorized human intervention or other causes beyond Sponsor's reasonable control affect the administration, security or proper play of the Contest, or Sponsor otherwise becomes (in its discretion) incapable of running the Contest as planned. Entrants who violate these Official Rules, violate any law, rule or regulation in connection with participation in the Contest, tamper with the operation of the Contest or engage in any conduct that is detrimental or unfair to Sponsor, the Contest or any other entrant (as determined in Sponsor's discretion) are subject to disqualification from the Contest. Any attempt by an entrant or other individual to deliberately damage any website associated with this Contest or undermine the legitimate operation of the Contest may be in violation of criminal and civil law and Sponsor reserves the right to prosecute and seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Sponsor reserves the right to lock out persons whose eligibility is in question or who have been disqualified or are otherwise ineligible to enter the Contest. Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any entries received that contain inappropriate or offensive content. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules will not constitute a waiver of that provision. Any provision of these Official Rules deemed unenforceable will be enforced to the extent permissible, and the remainder of these Official Rules will remain in effect. The use of the terms “include” or “including” in these Official Rules is illustrative and not limiting.

## Sponsor: 
NEAR Inc, 181 2nd Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
